mkdocs site for pytom-match-pick (#199)
SBC-Utrecht/pytom-match-pick: docs/Usage.md

## Template matching workflow

Using template matching in this software consists of the following steps:

1. Creating a template and mask
2. Matching the template in a tomogram
3. Extracting particles
4. Merging annotations for export to other software

## 1. Creating a template and mask

**Important**:
- The template and mask need to have the same box size.
- The template needs to have the same contrast as the tomogram (e.g. the particles 
  are black in both the tomogram and template). Contrast can be adjusted with the 
  `--invert` option.

### pytom_create_template.py

Using an EM map as a reference structure generally leads to the best results. Alternatively a structure from the PDB can be converted in Chimera(X) using the molmap command to create an MRC file that models the electrostatic potential.

```python exec="on" result="ansi" 
import argparse
code = ("""
---8<--- "entry_points.py:create_template_usage"
""")
cleaned_lines = [line.lstrip() for line in code.splitlines()
    if not any(keyword in line for keyword in ('action=', 'default=', 'type='))
]
cleaned_code = '\n'.join(cleaned_lines)
exec(cleaned_code)
print(parser.format_help())

> ```

Reviewer: I assume this is some mkddoc magic?

Author: This requires markdown-exec, the workflow file also installs it.
That reminds me, I should also add  mkdocs, mkdocs-material, and markdown-exec to the dev  install dependencies.

Author: added those dependencies to the pyproject.toml

In case the template matching is run with a non-spherical mask, it is essential to set the `--non-spherical-mask` flag. It requires a slight modification of the calculation that will roughly double the computation time, so only use non-spherical masks if absolutely necessary.

#### Optimizing results: per tilt weighting with CTFs and dose accumulation

Optimal results are obtained by also incorporating information for the 3D CTF. You 
can pass the following files (and parameters):

* Tilt angles: a `.rawtlt` or `.tlt` file to the `--tilt-angles` parameter with all the 
  tilt 
  angles used to reconstruct the tomogram. You should then also set the 
  `--per-tilt-weighting` flag.
* CTF data: a `.defocus` file from IMOD or `.txt` file to `--defocus-file`. The `.
  txt` file 
  should specify the defocus of each tilt in $\mu m$. You can also give a 
  single defocus value (in $\mu m$). The CTF will also require input for 
  `--voltage`, `--amplitude-contrast`, and `--spherical-abberation`.
* Dose weighting: a `.txt` file to `--dose-accumulation` with the accumulated dose per 
  tilt (assuming the same ordering as `.tlt`). Each line contains a single float 

>   specifying the accumulated dose in $e^{-}/\AA^{2}$. Dose weighting only works in 

Reviewer: This does not render correctly for me in the diff screen (probably because [\AA was not-supported in mathJax](https://github.com/mathjax/MathJax/issues/795), but that should have been fixed in [this PR](https://github.com/mathjax/MathJax-src/pull/923/files)
```suggestion
  specifying the accumulated dose in $e^{-}/\unicode{212B}^{2}$. Dose weighting only works in 
```

Reviewer: seems like those are also not allowed in github markdown...
But from some testing `\text{Å}` is :smile:

Author: that works!

Secondly, if the tomogram was CTF corrected, for example by using IMODs 
strip-based CTF correction or NovaCTF. Its important to add the parameter 
`--tomogram-ctf-model phase-flip` which modifies the template CTF to match the 
tomograms CTF correction.

#### Background corrections

The software contains two background correction methods that might improve results: 
`--spectral-whitening` or `--random-phase-correction` (from STOPGAP). In our 
experience the random phase correction is most reliable, while spectral whitening 
never seemed to clearly improve results.

```python exec="on" result="ansi"
import argparse
code = ("""
---8<--- "entry_points.py:match_template_usage"
""")
cleaned_lines = [line.lstrip() for line in code.splitlines()
    if not any(keyword in line for keyword in ('action=', 'default=', 'type='))
]
cleaned_code = '\n'.join(cleaned_lines)
exec(cleaned_code)
print(parser.format_help())
```

## 3. Extracting particles

Both scripts run on the job file created in `pytom_match_template.py` which contains details about correlation statistics and the output files. The job file always has the format `[TOMO_ID]_job.json`.

> **IMPORTANT** For both scripts the `[-r, --radius-px]` option needs to be considered carefully. The particle extraction will mask out spheres with this radius around each peak in the score volume and prevents selecting the same macromolecule twice. It is specified as an integer **number of pixels** (not Angstrom!) and ideally it should be the radius of the particle of interest. It can be found by dividing the particle radius by the pixel size, e.g. a ribosome (r = 290A / 2) in a 15A tomogram should gets a pixel radius of 9.6. As it needs to be an integer value and ribosomes are not perfect spheres, it is best to round it down to 9 pixels. 

Reviewer: use angstrom sign
```suggestion
**IMPORTANT** For both scripts the `[-r, --radius-px]` option needs to be considered carefully. The particle extraction will mask out spheres with this radius around each peak in the score volume and prevents selecting the same macromolecule twice. It is specified as an integer **number of pixels** (not Angstrom!) and ideally it should be the radius of the particle of interest. It can be found by dividing the particle radius by the pixel size, e.g. a ribosome (r = 290Å / 2) in a 15Å tomogram should gets a pixel radius of 9.6. As it needs to be an integer value and ribosomes are not perfect spheres, it is best to round it down to 9 pixels. 
```
